Oh, “From” is over. What's next?
What's coming up today?
Up next...
12:32.
Oh!
[PLLI sings “12:32 (A to T)”]
Ah...
Today's an emotional day.
Who was that just now?
Hamin.
Hey, I was just lying here...
Ah...
Huh?
What's this?
Wait, what's this?
Oh, so this is what it was!
Wow.
So this is what it was.
Wow, their voices are so beautiful.
Wow!
Oh, come on...
When did you prepare this?
Wow, what was that?
I had no idea.
What was that?
But it's PLLI's birthday...
You know what this is, right?
You knew, right?
—I had no idea.
—What is it?
Really?
I didn't know.
You didn't?
They kept mentioning some kind of event...
They kept saying PLLI would be singing.
I had no idea at all.
They were saying, “Why'd you make
the song so difficult?”
Wow, really? Is that so?
Yes, so I...
I wondered if some event was happening,
but I had no idea what it was.
So this was it!
Oh, wow.
I seriously got goosebumps.
I mean, I...
I'm tearing up a little too.
I'd totally forgotten.
I...
I thought this was some kind of
video from one of our concerts—
some performance footage they suddenly
decided
to play for us now.
How many people is that?
How did you all...
PLLI, thank you so much.
Seriously...
I honestly got a little choked up.
That really got me choked up.
Exactly.
Seriously, because...
Whenever we do livestreams
or concerts,
it's usually our voices you hear.
We don't often get to hear PLLI's voices.
But hearing them
so clearly like this...
Yeah...
And giving us a musical gift
through our own music...
Wow, this is so moving.
No more hide-and-seek.
Wow.
This is incredibly moving.
—I have to see it.
—Seriously.
I want to see it.
I need to listen again.
Wow, seriously...
I really want to hear it again.
It's giving me a lot to think about.
Right. Let's play it again as today's final song.
Let's do that.
—So many thoughts...
—That was wonderful.
First of all, thank you so much.
We're so grateful.
You must have worked so hard to sing this.
Many of you probably didn't know how to record.
You must've learned how and recorded it yourselves.
You did so well, too.
Recently—no, I think it's been quite a while
since I listened without saying a word,
just completely absorbed in the music.
It really has been such a long time.
Seriously.
Keeping quiet must've been hard too.
Exactly, not saying anything...
I know.
Nobody said a word, even on Bubble, so I had no idea.
Right, I mean, I...
What was it on Bubble?
They did mention “12:32.”
What did they say?
That they were practicing that song.
That the song was difficult.
—They were practicing it.
—Right, I saw that, so I...
I had absolutely no idea.
So I looked it up.
I saw something was happening, but didn't know what.
I wondered, “What is this?”
I figured it was for something else.
I thought it was unrelated to us.
Then I completely forgot about it.
There were Bubble messages about practicing it,
but I thought it was so that later,
Right, right.
at one of our shows—or at karaoke—
they could practice singing along.
I personally had no idea.
I didn't know it was for this either.
Because none of us knew,
—I think PLLI will love it even more.
—Right. If we'd known...
The surprise was a complete success.
A complete success.
To receive a gift like this...
I think I finally truly understand
what it means to be moved by a song.
Whenever PLLI said PLAVE's songs moved them,
of course I understood what they meant.
But today, I could truly feel
that emotion for myself.
We went to Asterum Café 433-10 yesterday, remember?
And there...
PLLI...
Actually, when we went yesterday,
PLLI had been in that very place
until earlier that day.
Maybe it was later than that.
They may have been there until that night.
Their warmth was still there.
So I had this thought yesterday.
I kept imagining
what it would feel like to actually hear
our PLLI talking there.
I pictured PLLI walking through that place...
Then, while listening to this song,
it overlapped with those thoughts from yesterday
and gave me a lot to think about.
So many thoughts are coming to mind.
Honestly...
Their voices are so beautiful.
Their voices really are beautiful.
I love you so—
makes my heart feel all soft.
Thank you.
All right, then.
As we said earlier, our final song is
“12:32,” sung together with PLLI.
We'll listen to it as we wrap things up.
That sounds great. We absolutely have to hear it.
We have to. We have to.
Please play it.
[PLLI's performance of “12:32” plays]
They don't sing the opening part?
I'm turning it all the way up.
Right.
They did it for the surprise.
They come in partway through.
I'll listen carefully.
Once PLLI comes in, I'm listening at full volume.
Huh?
But those are our voices.
Right, because they come in
partway through.
—Starting with the chorus.
—Were you asleep earlier?
No, no.
No, I thought
someone had adjusted the vocal stem by mistake.
So it sounded a little
like someone was humming.
No, I thought
at first
that the staff were singing.
Me too—I thought it was humming.
I heard quiet humming
at the beginning.
I wondered what it was.
Then from this part...
Why are they suddenly singing?
I've got goosebumps.
I wonder if they'll sing like this at the concert too.
Exactly.
It feels like that.
When we're there in person,
with our PLLIs in the audience,
we hear their cheers
while we're performing.
But the cheering is so loud
that we can't hear their singing
—in this much detail.
—Right, it's hard to hear.
So this is what it sounds like.
It's a choir of angels.
I feel like nothing bad could happen.
Seriously.
I feel purified.
So pure.
They paid attention to the details.
They switch to full voice for the rap part.
They use falsetto in the first verse
and sing the second verse more powerfully.
They really brought out those details.
The first verse is softer and the second is stronger.
Wow.
Even those details...
This part is difficult.
They're really good.
Wow, even the harmonies.
Even hearing it again...
PLLI,
can we get the audio file for this?
I love you deeply.
Please give us this.
Please give it to us. I need to listen every day.
—I'll listen before bed.
—Seriously, thank you.
Whenever I can't sleep.
If I fall asleep to this, I don't think I'll have nightmares.
Oh!
Do you have a lot of nightmares?
I don't have them much these days,
but every now and then.
But if I fall asleep to this,
No nightmares at all.
It would be so soothing.
If you still have a nightmare after hearing PLLI's voices,
come tell me.
—Why? Are you going to report it?
—No, until you can't even dream...
—Report it to Yejun-hyung?
I'll put you through a workout.
Now you're even a certified insomnia therapist.
—Is there anything you can't do?
—How many qualifications do you have now?
—Even cosmetology.
—There are too many to count.
Seriously.
All right, so...
And a third-degree black belt in taekwondo.
My third-degree belt is real!
Oh, really?
Do you do kendo too?
No, I don't do kendo.
I admit it when I don't have something.
At least you're not lying.
As for kendo...
I'd be good at it if I tried.
Of course you would.
I'd be good if I learned. I've probably got the talent.
Hi-yah!
Okay.
All right, then.
Great. But if we end like this, we'll lose the emotional mood.
Let's change the tone again.
All right, PLLI.
We ended up receiving such an incredible gift.
We were the ones who received a gift instead,
so we want to tell you how grateful we are.
Like Eunho,
we'll listen to this song before bed
and sleep happily without any nightmares.
Thank you so much.
Does anyone have anything else to say before we go?
I'll say whatever I didn't get to say privately.
You'll contact them separately?
Then let's save the rest of that conversation for later.
We'll say goodbye here for today.
This has been PLAVE.
Thank you!
Happy birthday, PLLI!
Happy birthday!
Thank you!
—We really love you.
—Good night!
Good night!
We love you!
Thank you so much!
Bye!
That was pretty moving today.
Seriously, that was the best.
Let's head in now. Thank you!
Let's go! To the camper van!
They gave me my own good-night song.
Let's go to the camper van!
Hey!
Hurry up! Who's sleeping outside?
Come on, hurry up!
I'm asking if you're okay!